Title: Wasatch Work Log Timeline
Date: 2016-10-14
Category: About
save_as: pages/wasatch_work_log_timeline.html
status: hidden

2016-10-27 08:28

2016-10-26 06:37 Asana project tracking integration demo meeting.
Detailed setup and evaluation of upgrades to customer stray light
tracking systems. MTI discussion and recovery of detector options for
drop in replacement.

2016-10-26 16:41

2016-10-25 06:26 Investigation into msvcr100.dll missing after appveyor
build install. Merge of AutoFallOff back up the chain into a deployable
application with no missing dependencies. Spectroscopy training.
Recreation of fully deployable application from appveyor with
environment required mkl_avx.dll from system in innosetup instead of
direct tracking. Training on customer stray light detection systems.

2016-10-25 16:35

2016-10-24 06:38 Createion of placeholder Dash conversion project. Reset
of computational environments to support simultaneous virtualization
testing. Continued task population and forecasting integration with
asana dashboard for Dash development. VPN Support and configuration.
Backup power system identification and recovery.

2016-10-24 16:30

2016-10-21 06:38 Detailed setup and training with Asana progress
dashboard. Split of milestones and individual components. Preparation
for google sheet integration and display on company dashboard.
Compensation and work on github outage. 

2016-10-21 16:32 

2016-10-20 06:26 ISO IT requirements consideration. Test computer
resource realignment. Setup of asana task project tracking structure.
Review of new postiion candidates. 830 Product updates. Debug and test
of SVISNIR-00002 with Transmission software project.

2016-10-20 17:02

2016-10-19 06:27 Transmission setup and coordination for SVIS_0002
recovery at HQ. 401k review and documentation. Printer fixes. OBP
firmware load onto 830 product. OceanView training.

2016-10-19 15:30 

2016-10-18 06:44 Refinement of asana dashboards and alignment with
software roadmap plan. Down select of interface items for new version of
Dash. Architecture build and design limitation review. Available IT
hardware resources review for accelerated development.A

    830 product documentation and deconflict

2016-10-18 18:57

2016-10-17 06:38 Creation of wasatch work log for better production tracking.
Review of 401K plan. Reconfiguration of remote systems with hybrid ssd,
       spinning disk to verify ram or disk lockups. live new dash
       software demo with Jason. Driver signature process notes
       refinement and publish. UPS setup and email checks for primary
       workstation.

2016-10-17 18:00 


2016-10-14 06:34 Initial software prototype demonstration with David,
      Michael, and Chris.

      c22b999  for demo
      ee9ac8c light and dark steps navigation bar exmaple
      39a0d0e green color status fix
      868da8c start of major rework for wider bar at top
      5eca8a2 reflance and absorbance clean
      a28dbf8 loads o iconagraphy and layout updates


2016-10-14 16:30

